-The President has
a very different role.
The President of
the United States
has a noble and unique role
to unite the country
and to draw on all people,
regardless of their race,
their color,
their national origin.
And in that regard,
the President, I think,
failed with his comments
yesterday and again
with the comments today.
I believe it's really incumbent
upon the President
to bring us together,
and that's a responsibility
that I think he should
take very seriously.
-Chuck Schumer's calling the
tweets and the comments racist.
Would you agree with Chuck
Schumer on that point?
-I think Senator Tim Scott
indicated that he believed
that the comments
were racially offensive.
I think that's an appropriate
characterization.
-How do we move past this
as a country?
-I wish we had moved past it,
but I'm afraid that
with the comments that have
been hurled back and forth,
we're back into
the kind of divisiveness
that is so destructive
to our national spirit.
Look, what you've seen
by the comments
that have been made
is destructive.
It's dangerous.
It's demeaning to our fellow
Americans,
and that's simply wrong.
-It was a poor choice of words.
I don't know why the President
had to say anything at all.
When you argue with a fool,
it just proves there are two.
Also, there's a rule in politics
and also in government
that you should never
interrupt your opponent
when he's screwing up.
Congresswoman Ocasio-Cortez
and Congresswoman Omar
and their colleagues
are destroying
the Democratic Party,
just in my judgment.
If I didn't know any better,
I'd think they were
Republican plants.
And that's all I'm gonna say.
-He's the one
who made the statement.
I'm sure that he's qualified
his statement in some way.
The one I heard was on Somalia,
and I can understand
why he might say that,
but I can't stand up
for the words that he used.
-You can't stand up
for the words he used?
-Well, no, and I didn't say them
.